Type1: 5 cats, 3 questions each

Leadership 28
I exhibit leadership qualities in the roles I play in the company.
I positively contribute to the company through my leadership.
I am comfortable in positions of leadership.

Teamwork 29
I have a good working relationship with all of my coworkers.
I have never experienced an interpersonal conflict with a coworker.
I regularly communicate with my coworkers on a personal level.

Problem Solving 30
I effectively solve problems as I encounter them.
When a problem is beyond my control, I report it to the proper department.
When others approach me with problems, I help solve them.

Motivation 31
I am motivated by my work-related tasks and company relationships. 
I am personally committed to the success of the company.
I have never experienced a problem with motivation at my place of work.

Efficiency 32
I do not waste large amounts of time while at work.
My work methods are effective and efficient.
I avoid taking excessively long breaks while working.


Type2: 7 cats, 4 questions each

Technical 33
I am able to perform all functions of my job description.
I meet expectations in regard to the quality and quantity of my work.
I am knowledgeable of the overall business operations of the company.
I am experienced with all of the software used at my place of work.

Communication 34
I receive direction and feedback well from others.
I inform coworkers, supervisors, or supervisees of key issues when appropriate.
I do not make inappropriate remarks toward my coworkers.
I work to build lasting professional relationships with my coworkers.

Appearance 35
I wear appropriate attire while at work.
I adhere to the personal grooming standards established by the company. 
I have never been reprimanded in regards to my professional appearance.
I demonstrate a professional appearance when representing the company.

Dependability 36
I always arrive at work on time.
I always stay at work until the end of my shift.
When missing work, I let my superiors know ahead of time.
I never run personal errands on company time.

Adaptability 37
I adjust well to changes in the workplace.
I maintain good customer relations, even when under stress.
I look for ways to streamline company procedures when applicable.
I adjust my priorities as needed for unexpected situations.

Equipment and Materials 38
I quickly learn how to use new software programs.
I use company tools to maximize efficiency in the workplace.
If any of my equipment malfunctions, I contact the manufacturer promptly.
I am cautious when dealing with internal information.

Planning and Implementation 39
I plan ahead extensively when starting a new project.
I anticipate potential problems before they occur.
I provide meaningful information to decision makers.
I maintain and monitor progress in order to stay on track.
